Hello friends, I am your friend Vivek
Pawar, welcome
to the YouTube channel of policy plan.com.  Friends,
we are going to
make one by one videos of the top five health insurance plans in the market.  So
in today's video we are going to
give you complete information about ICICI Lo LBD's
Elevate Plan.  Friends, like health
insurance, it is the
first step in financial planning.  Health
insurance should be taken first, then
term insurance and after that we should
take savings plans.  The health
insurance cover that people have is very
essential.  Friends, its awareness is
increasing a lot in the market especially after Covid.
And as people do
not have complete information, many times
problems arise regarding claims.  First
we plan something, when we take a plan we do
not know what we are going to get in it and
what we are not going to get.  Therefore, we are going to
give you complete information in this video.
So stay tuned to this video till the end
so that
we will give you complete information about what you will get and what you will not get there.
So friends,
first we will specially present to you the plans of general insurance companies.  So
ICICI LBA comes in the top three
as a general insurance company.  So,
ICICI LBD has
discontinued all the health insurance plans and has
kept only one plan named
Elevate.  Friends, you will get all the features added in this plan.
So
friends, one by one we will know about all the benefits and features of this plan.
Friends, this is the plan which is the best
and you can get it at a little cheaper rate also.
It also commands a premium comparatively.
So friends, the sum assured of this plan is
7.5 lakh, 10 lakh, 15 lakh, 20 lakh,
it has also given you the facility to take 1 crore, 3 crore or unlimited cover,
friends.  So friends, those who
want to take a futuristic plan because the
inflation rate of the hospitalization industry is
14 to 15%.   The
expenses of hospitalization are
increasing day by day.  So
this plan will be very suitable for those who want to take a plan with maximum coverage.
In this plan,
you can include individual plan or family floater plan i.e. husband, wife and three children and children whose age is up to 30 years.
If I define a family, then
2 + 3 means husband,
wife and three children or 1 + 1 1 + 3 such
combination also works.  If I talk about the entry age, then
friends, there is unlimited
entry age in it.  Friends, you can also give entry to people up to 100 years of age
in this plan
and its renewal is also
unlimited.  You can run the policy for as many years as you want.
So normally
we see that after 70 years or 75
years, entry is not given in the plan.
But here you have the
facility for even elders to take entry.  And
they have specially kept children entry for 30 years.
This means that the remaining plans have been
restricted to 23 years and 25 years.
But the dependent child
must be unmarried.  Only then can he
come into this plan.  The
biggest part of hospitalization billing is room
rent and ICU rent.  So in this you will
get a single private room friends.  In this you do
not need to take a sharing room.
You will get full coverage for whatever room rent you have for a single private room.
Even for two ICUs, you will be covered up to the sum
assured or whatever the bill is.
Day care procedures and
modern treatments are also included in this,
friends.  So you will get a claim for this also.
Friends, there is no coverage for OPD
but there is cover for day care procedures.
90 and 180 days
coverage is available here for pre and post.  You will get reimbursement for all the expenses incurred for pre-
hospitalization and post-hospitalization up
to 90 days and 180 days.
Friends, AYUSH treatment means
Ayurvedic, Naturopathy, Unani,
Homeopathy, all these types of AYUSH
treatments and
also for the intervention treatments, here pay up to the sum
insured, that is, if you take a plan of 10 lakhs,
then you can get up to 10 lakhs of
expenses on AYUSH.  And domiciliary
hospitalization means when
you have to give treatment to a person at home, then in such a facility
also, you can get the entire hospitalization expenses up to the sum assured.
Up to the sum insured, whatever
cover you have taken, you can
also get the same amount of Domise Salary Hospitalization expenses,
friends.  Friends, there is another benefit in this
which is called reset benefit.  Meaning if
you have taken a sum assured of Rs 10 lakh, someone has
taken Rs 20 lakh and that
benefit is completely exhausted
during the policy. It is a one year policy and Rs
10 lakh gets exhausted in the fifth month, then you will get it
back for the next hospitalization, not the
same hospitalization, the
sum assured of the policy will be restored, it will be
reset and the number of times this will happen will be
unlimited. You have taken a plan of Rs 10 lakh in 1 year
but you
can take coverage of Rs 10 lakh twice or thrice also.  Subject
to separate separate hospitalization.
Friends, you will get the full cost of domestic air ambulance or road
ambulance.
He did not keep any limits in this at all.
You will also get the entire cost of the ambulance.
Currently there is a guaranteed
cumulative bonus which is called a no claim bonus.
So, here
is the guaranteed cumulative bonus.  What is that?  You will get 20% of
the sum assured increasing every year in the policy
if you do not make a claim,
but its capping is 100%
of the sum assured, that is, a policy of Rs 10 lakh will
stop at Rs 20 lakh, but even if you make a
claim, your increased sum
assured does not go back to the basic sum assured, it will remain
increased. Friends,
in this plan, for IPD, that is, for inpatient
treatment, when we are hospitalized, all the
expenses like room
rent, ICU rent, cost of medicine,
nursing expenses, specialist fees which are
consumables are covered.  Meaning,
many different charges are levied in the hospital.
These are completely covered.  During this time, the
entire billing up to the sum assured will be
covered.  There
is a service charge in the hospital.  Meaning, earlier there was service
tax.  Currently, hospital people
charge their own service charges.  10% 12%
Depends Upon the Hospital.  This is something no one
in the industry covers.  So
in this plan also there is hospital service charge on
top of the bill, that too will not be covered.
If you bargain with the hospital, then they will
definitely reduce your charges.
Friends,
they have also provided a wellness program here.
If you download the ICICI LBD app and
go to the gym on a regular basis, do
walking, show your steps
regularly, then your sum assured is going to increase by 30%
next year.  But this
program of theirs should be justified.   Only then
your sum assured is going to increase.
Friends, we are going to discuss the add-ons of this plan
now.  There are
many such add-ons,
if we take these add-ons,
your premium will increase with each add-on, friends,
but with this your policy can
become very strong.  The first add on is
Friends Infinite Care.  This add on is
special.  It is not available anywhere in the market.
What this add-on is, is that
if you take this add-on in the first 2 years, then
you can take unlimited cover anytime during the lifetime of the policy.
Unlimited means that if
something like this happens to all the insured people in the policy, then the
entire hospitalization
coverage can be availed here if you have
taken this add-on.  There is an add on
called No Claim Bonus Super which
we also call 100% of your sum assured,
if you do not make a claim then your 100% sum
assured will keep increasing every year, even if you make an
irrespective of claims claim in your policy,
your policy will keep increasing from 10
lakh to 20 lakh, 20 lakh to 30 lakh,
if you have taken this add on, so
friends, they have tried to cover the lifestyle diseases by giving them
a jump start in the add on.  Let's
assume that
someone has lifestyle diseases these days
?  They have given such an add-on to diseases like asthma, sugar,
hypertension or obesity, all these
A B C D diseases.
If we
take that add-on, then
you will get claims for it also after 30 days, friends.  So I
think Jump Start is this add on.  It
is necessary for everyone to opt in.  And friends, if you have these
diseases even while taking the policy, then
you must mention it and you
can take this add-on.  So for this also you will
get the claim.  OPD claim will not be
available.  Friends, you will get the IPD claim.
So there is some optional coverage this year as well
which we will discuss now.
Like maternity cover, okay?  Be it newborn
baby cover or its vaccination
coverage, all these are covered in it.  The
maternity period is limited to Rs 1 lakh
and you will get a maximum coverage of Rs 2 lakh for the newborn baby
and
you will also get a cover of Rs 10,000 for vaccination,
friends.  So friends,
they have launched this plan with lots of benefits.
But friends, let us know what are the waiting
periods in this.
A standard waiting period applies
to all policies.  Whatever plan you take, whether
someone will tell you or not,
you will get complete information through this video,
friends.  So from the very first day, you get accident cover in your policy.   Of
accidental hospitalization.
Hospitalization coverage starts after 30 days,
friends.  There are some specific diseases which we
call exclusions.
Friends, there is a waiting period of 2 years.
But if you take an add-on in this policy, then
you can get a waiting period of one year instead of two years.
After that friends, if there is any pre-existing
disease or
tablets you take, then while taking the policy, you must tell them, do
not hide anything while taking the policy, then there is a
waiting period of 3 years for that.
For example, suppose someone has some disease and
he mentions it, then in that case there is an underwriter
team in the insurance company, they
evaluate your proposal and whether you will get the
policy or not or
you may have to pay some loading in it, it all depends on the
decision of the underwriter team, there are some
things which are permanently excluded
like OPD treatment, cosmetic
surgery, hair treatment, OK or
spectacles, so friends,
in today's date it is important for
people to take a good amount of health insurance for their family.
So this plan is one that can
give you the best overall cover.  So
as we are Policy Planner Insurance
Brokers Private Limited Company.  We
also deal in all types of health insurance.
So if you like this plan
, liked the features and
want more information about this plan,
we can provide it to you along with the comparison.
Contact on the given number, do call
and if you liked this video then do
share it with your friends.
We love your suggestions in the comments.
Please do write, friends.  See you
in the next video.  Thank you.